drafting workbench episode (#18)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/07-infrastructure.md

In the past, our lesson sites were generated by software called _[Jekyll]_, 
a tool built into GitHub Pages that allows the webpage content, 
written in the text files of the repository, 
to be combined with descriptions of settings, 
structure,
and styling,
to create a relatively complex website.

## Using The Carpentries Workbench

In 2022, we adopted a new infrastructure for our lesson sites: **The Carpentries Workbench**.
Lesson sites built on the Workbench are still hosted with GitHub Pages,
but no longer use Jekyll.
Instead, the lessons are built using a programming language, _[R]_, and _[pandoc]_, 
a software designed for converting content between file formats.
The Workbench combines three R packages:

- `{sandpaper}`: 
   converts a collection of Markdown or RMarkdown files into
   the structure of a lesson website.
- `{varnish}`: provides the files and folders that add 
   styling and additional functionality to a lesson website.
- `{pegboard}`: an programmatic interface to the lesson, 
   enabling various automated validation tasks.

For lesson developers, 
we believe that the Workbench makes The Carpentries lesson repositories
much simpler to navigate and work with.

> We will use it now to initialise a new lesson.

Author: @zkamvar Questions related to the block above: Why/how are `{sandpaper}` and `{pegboard}` converted into links in the built page? Furthermore, why _isn't_ `{varnish}`?

> We will use it now to initialise a new lesson.

Author: I have reorganised in eadb31a. I used the opportunity to expand the history a little bit, to better credit some of the original work.

> We will use it now to initialise a new lesson.

Reviewer: > @zkamvar Questions related to the block above: Why/how are `{sandpaper}` and `{pegboard}` converted into links in the built page? Furthermore, why _isn't_ `{varnish}`?

This is partially because of the {downlit} package, which is used by {pkgdown} (and thus {sandpaper}) to auto-add links to external documentation. Both {sandpaper} and {pegboard} are linked because I've built documentation sites for them, but I haven't done so for {varnish} because it is a package in name only and just holds css/js/html templates.

This header configures how the site will be built by `sandpaper`,
one of the components of The Carpentries Workbench,
and should be left untouched.
The page content begins after the blank line that follows this header.

To get started on this home page,
replace the template text with 
the same title and short description you added to your `README.md`.

Below those, you can add the prerequisite skills you determined earlier for your lesson,
as a bullet point list to `index.md`:

```markdown
- prerequisite 1
- prerequisite 2
- ...
```

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  challenge

## Exercise: practice editing Markdown in GitHub (optional)

Add the objectives you defined for your lesson
as a bullet list in the `index.md` file of your lesson repository.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

The main body of the lesson is written in _episodes_: 
the individual chunks or sections that the lesson is separated into.
The episode pages of the lesson site will be constructed from Markdown files
in the `episodes` folder of the lesson repository.

::: callout

### Why episodes?

TODO: add context and explanation for our use of "episodes" to describe chunks of a lesson.

> :::

Author: Good to know. Not urgent, but we should probably schedule a call to list the different places this language will need to be changed so we can coordinate all the updates.

and click _Save_.
Now, copy the URL in the box: this will be the address of your lesson site.

::: callout

### Which branch to use?

Although we configure GitHub Pages to serve the lesson website from the `gh-pages` branch,
**the default working branch for a lesson will be `main`**.
For the rest of this training, you should add and edit files on `main`,
and in future, when you open Pull Requests to update the lesson content,
these should also be made to `main`.

> The `gh-pages` branch should only be modified by the automated actions of the Workbench.

Reviewer: I want to make it more clear that this should not be touched. 

```suggestion
The `gh-pages` branch should never be modified by anyone other than the automated actions-user account.
```
